In the last lecture we editors quote status source.
Let's now use it in our favorites component but to use there we also need to be able to well mark a
quote as favorite.
So the first step actually leads to the library component here.
We want to be able to well load all quotes and then display them so that we're able to favorite it and
so on.
First I will do some cleanup here if we need Nav. controller and so on I will imported later.
I want to start with a clean component and this also makes for a better learning experience I believe
and will also clean up the template a bit.
So let's start by actually importing the quotes.
How do we do that.
Well since we have a static data source here it's pretty simple.
I add a property here to the library page and I'll name a quote collection since well it is my collection
of quotes and this will be of type and you could say but actually we do know the structure of this right.
We do know how a code looks like and we do know that quotes are organized in kind of categories.
So we can create fitting interfaces for this so that we can define the types explicitly.
Let's do this year I'm going to add a new interface and I'm going to name the file quote interface start
TS in there.
All it will do is out explore the interface which will name quote of course and a quote simply has an
ID a person and a Text property.
So ID is a number you could say but actually I chose a string.
So let's set this two type String prisoners type string and the text itself of course alters a string.
Now it could also create the interface for D category.
But actually I'm only going to use to category here in the library page so I can simply find a type
here so quote collection will simply be of type Object where we have the category property.
And again you could store it in an interface if you want.
Which is the string where we have the quotes which is of type quote import quote from the interface
pointing to that path.
And of course it's not a single quote.
It's an array of quotes.
And we also have as I can property which is a string.
So basically those free properties category quotes and I can this is how my code collection data will
look like.
Now with this set up we can simply set this in let's say the on in Hook.
So let's implement DE on in its lifecycle.
And if you're wondering if we're going to learn on how to add or get data from a server.
Yes we will learn this in a later app but I don't want to crowd it all into one apps are we going to
start with this static data source here at the on.
Import from at angular core.
And with this added You can now add where you have to add DNG on and add method to your class here and
an end to an end.
I want to set this quote collection equal to quotes now quotes.
Is this array in the quotes file.
So I have to import this file in this file in the library that TS file to use it.
So I'm importing this.
Ask what it's you can choose any name you want here because I'm having a default export here.
So all I'm exporting in this file is desirée it's not a named export.
I choose quotes because I'm using quotes down there.
And we of course import these from the Rube's from the data folder and they're from the quotes file
just like this.
Does this tipoff we're importing quotes from.
And now I'm getting an error that we have a type mismatch.
And the reason is dead of course called collections not a single object but an array of such objects.
So I should make this an array here too.
If it works correctly so make sure to add the square brackets at the end of your code collection type
definition here.
So if this were importing all the quotes we added data the next step is to work on our template to actually
output the data as a list of items.